Add missing page description metadata (#260)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/recommended-practices/index.mdx

---
page_title: Index - Terraform Recommended Practices
tfc_only: true
description: >-

>   Learn how to grow your Terraform usage from a few individuals to a full organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to scale your Terraform usage from a few users to a full organization.
```
